<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html>
<head>
 <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="EXPIRES" content="0" />
<meta http-equiv="PRAGMA" content="NO-CACHE" />
<meta http-equiv="CACHE-CONTROL" content="NO-CACHE" />

<title>Short n' SIMPLE - 65-year-old man with cough - Mr. Johnston</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../scripts/jquery112/ui-lightness/jquery-ui.css" /> 
<script type="text/javascript" src="../scripts/jquery112/jquery.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../scripts/jquery112/jquery-ui.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../scripts/jquery112/jquery-ui.js"></script>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles/clinreason.css" />

<style>
/*for prototype:  */
.icon-left-open:before { content: '\e833'; color:#ffffff;}
.icon-right-open:before { content: '\e82b'; color:#ffffff;}
</style>
<script>
$(function() {
	$( "#crtool" ).draggable({
		cursor:"move"
	});
});

</script>
</head>

<body style="font-family:arial;">
<div style="background-color: #8b1b3f;color:#ffffff;padding:5px; height:30px;">Short n' SIMPLE - 65-year-old man with cough - Mr. Johnston</div>

<div style="width:650px; float:left;"><br/>
Dr. Carter explains his approach to evaluating a patient with a cough:
"First determine the duration of the cough."<br/>
"Mr. Johnston has a chronic cough, so the next step is to consider the causes of chronic cough."<br/>
"When formulating the differential, list most common causes of chronic cough."<br/>
"Also list causes of chronic cough which are important not to miss."<br/><br/>
"Before we go to meet Mr. Johnston, think about what history will be necessary to obtain in order to differentiate between these diagnoses."

You and Dr. Carter are about to evaluate Mr. Delai Johnston, a 65-year-old man presents to the clinic for evaluation of his a cough he has had for two months. Before you begin to talk with Mr. Johnston, you review his medical record and discover the following:
<br/><br/>
Past Medical History: COPD with an FEV1 of 70% predicted<br/>
Family History: No family history of heart or lung disease<br/>
Medications: Albuterol/ipratroprium MDI<br/>
Allergies: None<br/>
Social History:  He lives with his girlfriend of many years with whom he is monogamous. He is retired. He smoked two packs of cigarettes a day for 47 years, but was able to quit two years ago. He has no pets, and no recent travel history. He has never had a blood transfusion or used injection drugs.
<br/><br/>
Dr. Carter asks you, "What are the top five items on your initial differential diagnosis given the history thus far?" 
As you progress through this case, continue to refine your differential as appropriate.
</div>
 <div id="crtool" style="float:right; position:absolute; top:55px; right:0px; background-color:#cccccc;"><br/>
<iframe id="ctrframe" src="tabs.xhtml?stage=1" height="330" width="500" style="border:none"></iframe>
</div>
<div style="background-color: #8b1b3f;color:#ffffff;padding:5px; height:30px; width:95%; bottom:0px; position:absolute;"> 
<span style="float:right;padding:0px;"> <i class="icon-left-open"></i>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="prototype_fs2.html"><i class="icon-right-open"></i></a></span></div>
</body>
</html>